[Fleet] Document ability to set a proxy for agent download source (#704)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet-agent-proxy-managed.asciidoc

If agents are unable to reach the configured proxy server, they will not be able to write data to the output that has the proxy server configured. When changing the proxy of an output, please ensure that the affected agents all have connectivity to the proxy itself.
====
+
. **Attach the proxy to the agent download source**
+
beta[]
+

> Likewise, if the download traffic to/from the artifact registry needs to go through the proxy server, that proxy definition would also need to be added to the agent binary source defined in the Fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Likewise, if the download traffic to or from the artifact registry needs to go through the proxy server, that proxy definition also needs to be added to the agent binary source defined in {Fleet}.
```

.. In {kib}, navigate to the **Fleet** page and go to the **Settings** tab.

> .. In the list of **Agent Binary Download**, choose an agent binary source and select the edit button to configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. In the **Agent Binary Download** list, choose an agent binary source and select the edit button to configure it.
```

.. In the **Proxy** section dropdown list, select the proxy that you configured.
+
image::images/elastic-agent-proxy-edit-agent-binary-source.png[Screen capture of the Edit agent binary source UI in Fleet]
+

> In this example, All the {agents} in a policy that is configured to download from the chosen agent download source will now download from that agent download source through the proxy server defined in `Proxy-A`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, all of the {agents} enrolled in a policy that is configured to download from the chosen agent download source will now download from that agent download source through the proxy server defined in `Proxy-A`.
```
